Shade cards:		Category:	Cost:		Type:		Rarity:

AblativeAmor		
AnimateDead
Bite
Coneskin
Bonespear
Bonestorm
Callofthegrave
Callwraith
Clawback
Cloudofshrapnel
commandsoldier
dangerousritual
extralimbs
fingerofdeath
fleshlikeoak
frenzy
freshbones
funeraryarmor
funeraryjewels
gravebargain
lichform
ominousritual
ravenoushorde
ritualoffering
sanguineritual
selfburial
skeletonarmy
touchofthegrave
wallofflesh

Total:29

Cards to add:
Convert one kind of undead to another (lye bath, go digging)
cards that change decay rate (Aura of Unlife, Grave Stillness, Potion of Restlessness)
Some power that gives strength. (Potion of Restlessness)
rainbow summon + debuff self (Greater Animation)
Power that just instantly makes wraith(s). (Greater Animation)
power that summons a wraith conditional on cards played that turn (offering to the beyond)
power that buffs wraiths, or does something fancy when you summon a wraith. (soul pierce)

Power that summons small # of undead every turn (open graves)
summon # of undead proportional to number of enemies (sense prey)
cards that deal damage based on zombies (Trample)
an AOE that scales off of amount of undead. (press the attack)
Something to let you retain hands(patience)
A card that lets you regrab a card from your discard to your hand, but only next turn. (Awaken)

card draw! (haruspicy, Brains[draw 2-3])
How about scry? Haruspicy could be fun. (haruspicy)
Cards that recur somehow - e.g. from discard to hand when you exhaust a card, or from draw pile to hand when you summon something. (scuttling hand, premonition)
A single-target way to apply weak.(skeleton hug)
More ways to sacrifice skeletons for profit (and by profit I mean burst damage). (bone shards)
Cards that want you to have exact numbers of undead. (coffin dance)
A rare attack or skill that returns cards directly to your hand. (unbar the grave)

Some cards that interact with curses / statuses.:
Energy when you draw a status. (carnophage)
Gain block and exhaust a card in hand - if it's a status, do something. (Excise)
The next time a status is added to your deck, do something cool. (Stitch Together)

Some cards that add curses / statuses.:
summon zombies, get a wound. (Flesh to Flesh)
add Wounds to your hand, then draw cards (lose control)
Summon a wraith and gain block, fill your hand with wounds. (flesh offering)
Deal damage, add wounds, exhaust. (feral strike)

Your next exhaust card this turn is played twice. (dark of night)
Big rare exhaust attack (tombstone)
Some other way to gain Strong Bones. (calcify?)

Prospective: ~40